Fixes #9519 - Update behavior of [pscustomobject] (#9527)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_Object_Creation.md

 PSWorkflow
```

**PSObject** type objects maintain the list of members in the order that the

> members were added to the object. Eventhough **Hashtable** objects don't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
members were added to the object. Even though **Hashtable** objects don't
```
